# Win32 Native Dynamic Wallpaper
A c++ windows program that can change the wallpaper overtime.

both the images and the exact time of the day to display each are customizable.

## How To Build?
The process is pretty straight forward, use Cmake to make the project that suits your compiler/IDE. 

Note that this project uses the Win32 API therefore in can only be built on windows

## How To Use?
Once an exe is generated by your compiler add a folder named "wallpapers", or use the example one that comes with the project (yes that's my little world :-)), at the same directory where the exe is and add all the images you want to be displayed, (make sure the file format is jpg, as png doesn't seem to work in some cases).

the program uses the image name to know when to display it
so names should follow the pattern of **HH.MM** for example (14.30 or 21.45 or 00.10)

make sure hours are between 00 and 23, and minutes are between 00 and 59.

and that's it really! now each wallpaper will be displayed once its time is reached.

## Run on startup
As this is the kind of program that you'd want running in the background all the time, you can add a shortcut to the startup folder,
make sure to right click on the shortcut and press properties. in the Target text add `--no-console` so that console window doesn't show.
this is the intended way to use the program, as it is designed to use no CPU (main thread is blocked) untill the next wallpaper change

## Future
The project serves its purpose so there is nothing else to do in terms of functionality. however the code itself could use some more organizing and variables could follow the hungarian notation (just like the rest of Win32 API).

Any PRs or suggestions are appreciated 